README.md, before:

#README

#Blocitoff

A self-destructing to-do list app. Part of Bloc's Ruby on Rails Training.

##Application Description:

A to-do list app with self-destructing tasks. Most to-do list apps gather old, outdated tasks, until performing housekeeping on your to-do list eats up all the time you're supposed to be saving! Blocitoff doesn't let the bloat get the upper hand.  After 7 days, a task that hasn't been marked complete will self-destruct, doing the housekeeping for you.


User Stories: 
* As a user, I want to sign up for a free account by providing a user name, password and email.
* As a user, I want to sign in and out of Blocitoff.
* As a user, I want to see my profile page.
* As a user, I want to create multiple to-do items.
* As a user, I want to mark to-do items as complete and have them deleted.
* As a user, I want to see how many days remain before a to-do item is automatically deleted.
* As a user, my to-dos should be automatically deleted seven days after their creation date.

Commit message:

Renaming project to Markoff for further development

README.md, after:

#README

#Markoff

A self-destructing to-do list app.  Based on 'Blocitoff' from of Bloc.io's Ruby on Rails Training.

##Application Description:

A to-do list app with self-destructing tasks. Most to-do list apps gather old, outdated tasks, until performing housekeeping on your to-do list eats up all the time you're supposed to be saving! Blocitoff doesn't let the bloat get the upper hand.  After 7 days, a task that hasn't been marked complete will self-destruct, doing the housekeeping for you.


User Stories: 
* As a user, I want to sign up for a free account by providing a user name, password and email.
* As a user, I want to sign in and out of Blocitoff.
* As a user, I want to see my profile page.
* As a user, I want to create multiple to-do items.
* As a user, I want to mark to-do items as complete and have them deleted.
* As a user, I want to see how many days remain before a to-do item is automatically deleted.
* As a user, my to-dos should be automatically deleted seven days after their creation date.
